Add media indicator (#448)
BBC-archive/psammead: packages/components/psammead-media-indicator/README.md

# psammead-media-indicator - [![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/bbc/psammead/badge.svg?targetFile=packages%2Fcomponents%2Fpsammead-media-indicator%2Fpackage.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/bbc/psammead?targetFile=packages%2Fcomponents%2Fpsammead-media-indicator%2Fpackage.json) [![Storybook](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/storybooks/media-indicator/master/badge/badge-storybook.svg?sanitize=true)](https://bbc.github.io/psammead/?path=/story/media-indicator--default) [![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/blob/latest/LICENSE) [![npm version](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/@bbc/psammead-media-indicator.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@bbc/psammead-media-indicator) [![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/bbc/psammead/blob/latest/CONTRIBUTING.md)

## Description

> The `MediaIndicator` component provides an 'play' icon as well as a duration timestamp. This component supports both providing and not providing a duration and if one isn't provided, it will simply render the play icon. Alt text is required in all scenarios, however this can just be `'Video'` if the duration is not known. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `MediaIndicator` component provides a 'play' icon as well as a duration timestamp. This component has options for both providing and not providing a duration. If one isn't provided, it will simply render the play icon. Alt text is required in all scenarios, however this can just be `'Video'` if the duration is not known. 
```

## Installation

`npm install @bbc/psammead-media-indicator`

## Props

| Argument      | Type   | Required | Default | Example                      |
| ------------- | ------ | -------- | ------- | ---------------------------- |
| duration      | string | No       | Null    | '2:15'                       |
| datetime      | string | No       | Null    | 'PT2M15S'                    |
| offscreenText | string | Yes      | N/A     | 'Video 2 minutes 15 seconds' |

## Usage

> The typical use-case of this component is ontop of images within promos for articles that contains a video asset at the top of the page. It indicates to the user that the link is to a video and how long the video is in duration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The typical use-case of this component is on top of images within promos for articles that contains a video asset at the top of the page. It indicates to the user that the link is to a video and how long the video is in duration.
```

```jsx
import MediaIndicator from '@bbc/psammead-media-indicator';

<MediaIndicator
  duration="2:15"
  datetime="PT2M15S"
  offscreenText="Video 2 minutes 15 seconds"
/>
```

### When to use this component

The `MediaIndicator` component is designed to be used on top of an image which is linking to a page containing a video based on that image. It tells the user to expect a video on the page as well as how long it is in duration.

<!-- ### When not to use this component -->

### Accessibility notes

> This component uses full semantic markup, including visually hidden text and aria labels, to ensure its as accessible as possible. The SVG is aria hidden and not focusable and the time duration appears to screen readers as a long string, such as "Video 2 minutes 15 seconds", to ensure the user has the full context of what it's referring to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This component uses full semantic markup, including visually hidden text and aria labels, to ensure it's as accessible as possible. The SVG is aria hidden and not focusable. The time duration appears to screen readers as a long string, such as "Video 2 minutes 15 seconds", to ensure the user has the full context of what it's referring to.
```
